4.next - Start fililng in the container documentation. (#6794)
cakephp/docs: en/development/dependency-injection.rst

    The Dependency Injection container is an experimental feature that is not
    API stable yet.

> The CakePHP service container enables you to manage class dependencies for your
> application services and perform dependency injection. Dependency injection is
> a phrase that means that an object's dependencies are 'injected' into objects
> via the constructor and in rare cases via 'setter' methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CakePHP service container enables you to manage class dependencies for your
application services through dependency injection. Dependency injection automatically
"injects" an object's dependencies via the constructor without having to manually instantiate them.
```

You can use the service container to define 'application services'. These

> classes are use models and interact with other objects like loggers and mailers

Reviewer: What are "use models"?

Author: Fixed.

to build re-usable workflows and business logic for your application.

> CakePHP will use the service container when calling actions on your controllers,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CakePHP will use the service container when calling actions on your controllers
```

and invoking console commands. You can also have dependencies injected into
controller constructors.

A short example would be::

    // In src/Controller/UsersController.php
    class UsersController extends AppController
    {
        // The $users service will be created via the service container.
        public function ssoCallback(UsersService $users)
        {
            if ($this->request->is('post')) {
                // Use the UsersService to create/get the user from a
                // Single Signon Provider.
                $user = $users->ensureExists($this->request->getData());
            }
        }
    }

In this example, the ``UsersController::ssoCallback()`` action needs to fetch
a user from a Single-Sign-On provider and ensure it exists in the local

> database. Because this service is injected into our controller we can easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database. Because this service is injected into our controller, we can easily
```

swap the implementation out with a mock object or a dummy sub-class when
testing.

Adding Services
===============

In order to have services created by the container, you need to tell it

> which classes it can create, and how to build those classes. The simplest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which classes it can create and how to build those classes. The simplest
```

definition is via a class name::

    use App\Service\BillingService;

    // in your application's register() method.

    // Add a class by its name.
    $container->add(BillingService::class);

> You can also define implementations for interfaces that your application uses or
> consumes::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define implementations for interfaces that your application uses::
```

    use App\Service\AuditLogServiceInterface;
    use App\Service\AuditLogService;

    // in your application's register() method.

    // Add an implementation for an interface.
    $container->add(AuditLogServiceInterface::class, AuditLogService::class);

The container can leverage factory functions to create objects if necessary::

    $container->add(AuditLogServiceInterface::class, function (...$args) {
        return new AuditLogService(...$args);
    });

Factory functions will receive all of the class' resolved dependencies as

> parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arguments.
```

> Once you've defined a class you also need to define the dependencies it
> requires. Those dependencies can either be other objects, or primitive values::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've defined a class, you also need to define the dependencies it
requires. Those dependencies can be either objects or primitive values::
```

    // Add a primitive value like a string, array or number.
    $container->add('apiKey', 'abc123');

    $container->add(BillingService::class)
        ->addArgument('apiKey');

Adding Shared Services
----------------------

> By default services are not shared, each time an object is fetched from the
> container it and all of its dependencies are created again. If you want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default services are not shared. Every object (and dependencies) is created each time
it is fetched from the container. If you want to
```
